Meeting Notes for 9/18/24

Attendance: Zach Holt, Graham Robinson, Jesse Munoz, Evan Morse, Erlind Boraj

- Decided to integrate “shifts” feature on Teams for documentation purposes including
    keeping track of how many hours each of us work on the project
- Discussed what needs to be done regarding safety features.
- Discussed starting our block diagrams for high voltage system.
- Opened discussion on planning our budget including all components that we will need.
- Decided that everyone will read SAE rules before our next meeting.

Next Meeting: Monday 9/23/24
